this engine is rated at one and a dozen
kilowatt
it is just iron power
electric
at 220 he develops speed
seventy four seventy six
kilometers per hour well, we removed one
rechargeable battery because but
bike is very dangerous to experience such
speed here i am now to you and and
demonstrate work
this design has a rear wheel
is a generator
generator that constantly gives
energy to feed these batteries
without lithium ion batteries
only 24 volts
Here is a major in front of the motor-wheel
it's somewhere around 450 maybe 500 watts here
to demonstrate this kind of generation we
started turning on the bulbs in series
United conventional paws from the car
how easy
here with ease so to speak yo
passes light visible yes now
we turn off
now we are the rear motor-wheel then
generator we turn on the battery
the difference between the consumption of this motor
and the actual generation of this generator
Only 34 devices are available.
the cyclist will ride at 30
kilometers
at a speed of 30 kilometers just 3 well
maximum 4 amps range
naturally increases significantly
here on these batteries
you can drive about 100 kilometers